---
layout: post
title: "Research"
author: "Rundong Li"
categories: journal
tags: [documentation,sample]
image: forest.jpg
---

My research interest lies in the field of database and data mining. Recently I focus on distributed and parallel data processing, making computation scale to huge data sets on big clusters. Specific projects I have been working on are listed as follows.

 <span style="font-family:Verdana; font-size:bigger;">**Improving Performance of Large-Scale Analytics Platforms**</span>

 - Designing novel distributed join algorithms that achieve near-optimal efficiency using dynamic data partitioning strategies to improve load balance in the presence of data skew.
 - Developing cost models that enable distributed data-analysis platforms to automatically determine parameters minimizing computation time.

<span style="font-family:Verdana; font-size:bigger;">**Analyzing and Modeling Neural Structures in the Brain**</span>
 
 - Designing efficient parallel algorithms to identify neural structures in microscopic image stacks.
 - Developing algorithms to search time series neurogeometry data and detect interesting evolving patterns.
 
<span style="font-family:Verdana; font-size:bigger;">**Game Data Analysis**</span>

 - Designing novel scalable distributed algorithms for processing and analyzing large data sets, especially for network or graph data.
 - Developing machine learning models for explaining and predicting relationship formation of online game users.



 ***Publications***

_Rundong Li, Mirek Riedewald, and Xinyan Deng_. **Submodularity of Distributed Join Computation**. In Proceedings of International Conference on Mangement of Data (SIGMOD) 2018: 1237-1252.

_Rundong Li, Ningfang Mi, Mirek Riedewald, Yizhou Sun, Yi Yao_. **A Case for Abstract Cost Models for Distributed Execution of Analytics Operators**. In Proc. 19th Int. Conf. on Big Data Analytics and Knowledge Discovery (DaWaK) 2017: 149-163

_Rundong Li, Ningfang Mi, Mirek Riedewald, Yizhou Sun, Yi Yao_. **Abstract Cost Models for Distributed Data-Intensive Computations**. In Distributed and Parallel Databases Journal, Springer, 2018

_Xiaofeng Yang, Mirek Riedewald, Rundong Li, Wolfgang Gatterbauer_. **Any-k Algorithms for Exploratory Analysis with Conjunctive Queries**. In 5th Int. Workshop on Exploratory Search in Databases and the Web (ExploreDB), June 2018 (Co-located with SIGMOD/PODS)
